lib/protoparser: fix skip csv line when metric can be collect from the line (#4298)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup.html): fix compatibility with Windows OS. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/70).
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): fix performance issue when migrating data from VictoriaMetrics according to [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html#migrating-data-from-victoriametrics). Add the ability to speed up the data migration via `--vm-native-disable-retries` command-line flag. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4092).
* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation.html): fix bug with duplicated labels during stream aggregation via single-node VictoriaMetrics. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4277).

> * BUGFIX: [csvimport](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-csv-data): fix skip csv line when metric can be collect from the line even if column being empty. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4048).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [csvimport](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-csv-data): properly parse [csv line](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-csv-data) when value in the last column is empty. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4048).
```

Author: fixed
